Make kubernetes 1.15 the default version (#1997)
weaveworks/eksctl: site/content/introduction/01-getting-started.md

```

EKS supports versions `1.12`, `1.13`, `1.14` and `1.15` (default).

> With `eksctl` you can deploy either version by passing `--version`.

Reviewer: I think we should also change this text since we have more than 2 versions to select from.

Something along these lines:
```suggestion
With `eksctl` you can deploy any of the supported versions by passing `--version`.
```
